And so with this one,
I want us to create a flower petal,
or I want you to create a flower petal.
So not together but individually,
create a flower petal of your own.
And the tip I have, is try sketching
out your idea with pen and
paper first,
just like how I did it with the iPad.
It was just kind of redrawing
out kind of the coordinate,
little axes, and then labeling,
and then drawing out where you
think each of those points should be,
and then labeling them.
I find that that really helps me
kind of visualize the shape and
then where each of the xy
positions should go.
S o yeah,
try drawing your own flower petal, and
then you can try putting them
into this petal path string.
And this one is extremely important,
I'm hoping that we would
have someone volunteer
their flower petal path
that we can put in here.
And that will actually propagate
through the rest of our notebooks.
So then when we draw our final flowers,
we'll be able to have your own kind
of original, creative flower path in
the final film flowers we create.
I had done the smiley face
exercise a little bit incorrectly,
in that, when I was originally
creating this notebook,
this transform is actually
very much intentional.
So we're going to bring that back in and
sorry for the confusion.
Because what I want to do actually,
is to have the 00 be the center
of this smiley face.
So actually we want the x is equal to 0
coordinate to be right in the middle.
And the reason for this,
is more for the petal,
we want to make sure that the tip
of the petal is at the 00 position.
Much like in this one,
for this for this pedal,
the 00 is actually right at the tip.
And this isn't so important right now,
but will become very important once
we start building out the flower,
because this is the position in which
we'll rotate the flower petals.
So very important that wherever
the kind of the center,
where the center of the flower should be,
should be your 00.
So yeah, so keeping with that,
let's kind of edit our smiley
frowny face a little bit and
instead of what we had before,
which I believe was like,
I think 2575, sorry, are 25, 25 here.
Now I'm imagining kind of the x is equal
to 0 line to be kind of going through
right at the center of the smiley face.
So I have just edited
it to be this little i,
I've edited to be the x is negative 25,
and
draw a line down to negative 25.
And then this line, instead of being,
originally it was 75,
x is equal to 75 right here, and
I've edited that to be X is equal to 25.
And then here I've done the same thing.
So this used to be 15 and I've edited
that to be negative 35 to come over here.
And then this used to be 0,
I've pulled it down to this -50.
This used to be 85 and this also used
to be 85, so I just brought it to 35.
And so, I just wanted to make that
correction because I knew there
was a little bit of confusion
about the flower petal exercise,
because I had translated it over by 50 and
that is very much intentional.
So when you are doing the petal pads,
please make sure to have the whatever
the central point of the flower
petal that you want rotate by,
please make sure that that's 00.
And this is where 00 is at.
For this smiley face exercise, I put this
back to the translate (50, 0) back in.
I've edited the smiley face to
center around the x is equal
to 0 to be at the center of the face.
And then now we're going to do this
exercise, this flower petal exercise,